Why not?
Grandma, you picked the wrong person
Wrong person
Do not choose officials who are supported by Qianshang
Did you choose your farmer husband who moved bricks?
Shangguan Linglong
How dare you
If you take your whole family incognito
Go to the edge of the eighteenth line and hide in a small town
I will be in a while
I really may not be able to free up my hands to deal with you
I never thought of that.
How dare you appear at the triumph banquet today
It's really a clear challenge to the authority of our Guan family
Where is this?
I want to go home.
Don't be afraid
Isn't that the key to the eldest son of Di, Guan Mingcheng?
He attended a Chamber of Commerce event some time ago
It's all right.
How is this happening now?
Miss Guan Gongzi Guan
This has been going on since my brother came back from looking forward to it
I'll tell you what.
I'm not finished with you
I will definitely report it to my lord
Someone who harmed my brother like this
I will never disturb Shangguan Linlang
I'll ask you one last time to marry my brother and serve him
Otherwise your family will pay with their lives
Guanmin City is self-inflicted
No one else's to blame
Guan Qianqian is you
Are you so sure?
Lord Qianshang will listen to you
Stand up for the official family
What do you know?
The Lord in the sky is powerful
unique vision
Naturally, he sees the potential of our family closure
Well, since it's all for this sake
Then I won't hide it from you.
To tell you the truth
I Guan Qianqian
The woman of the Lord in Heaven
And he said yes.
Today's triumph banquet will be in front of everyone
Tell everyone to marry me